Add Bazel Test Optimization setup docs (#37551)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/python.md

| `pytest-benchmark` | >= 3.1.0 |
| `unittest` | >= 3.7 |

> If you run Python tests with Bazel, use Datadog's official [Bazel rules for Python tests][bazel-python].

Reviewer: I think it's worth putting this in a callout, so it's harder to miss!

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you use Bazel to run Python tests, use the Datadog <a href="/tests/setup/bazel/python/">Bazel rules for Python tests</a>.</div>
```

[1]: /tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/python/
[2]: /getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging
[3]: /tracing/trace_collection/library_config/python/?tab=containers#configuration

> [bazel-python]: /tests/setup/bazel/python/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
